{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18700\viewh14540\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 End User License Agreement - Webfont\
\

\b0\fs26 Jenna Sue Design Co. Webfont License\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 1) This End User License Agreement (hereafter \'93Agreement\'94) is a legal agreement between you, or, if you represent a legal entity, that legal entity (hereafter \'93you\'94) and Jenna Sue Design Co. (hereafter \'93JSDC\'94), and is applicable to the webfont version of Jenna Sue (hereafter \'93webfont\'94) that is accompanied by this Agreement or that You have ordered online. \
\
By downloading or installing the font you agree to be bound by the terms of this Agreement. If you do not agree to the terms of this Agreement, do not download, install, or use the webfont.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320
\cf0 2) Permitted Uses / Restrictions\uc0\u8232 What you are purchasing is a license to use the webfont for a single user within your organization; you are not purchasing the copyright to the design of the webfont, but the rights to use the font. The webfont may be used for styling text on your website via the CSS @font-face rule for one specific domain only. Additional licenses must be purchased for multiple domains. No copies may be installed to your device as a \'91desktop font\'92 and used in any other manner. You can make archival copies of the webfont for your own purposes. You will not distribute the webfont to people outside of your organization. You may not use the webfonts as a tool or resource for third parties to create customized products or documents. You agree to use the webfont solely for your own business or personal purposes. 
\f1 \

\f0 3) Definition of your Rights \uc0\u8232 This license is only for the benefit of the users authorized under this license. If you are purchasing one license (in other words, one authorized user), you may install the webfont to one desktop computer and additionally on one portable device such as a laptop, notebook, or netbook. If you purchase five licenses (ie. five authorized users), then those authorized users may install the font on their five desktops and their five portable machines. These machines may be connected to any number of printers, plotters, and other output devices. You can purchase additional licenses at any time, which grants additional users in your organization the rights to use the font on their respective additional computers, as noted above.\
4) Modification \uc0\u8232 You may not sell, make available for download, or give away modified versions of the webfont.\
5) Limit of Liability\uc0\u8232 If you encounter problems with the webfont we will work with you to the best of our ability to solve these technical issues. The webfont may be only returned if defective within 14 days of sale. In no event will the JSDC be liable to you for any consequential or incidental damages, including any lost revenue, profits, goodwill or savings, or for any claim by any third party.\
EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED ABOVE, THE WEBFONT, IS PROVIDED \'93AS IS\'94. JSDC DOES NOT MAKE ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\
The entire risk as to the quality and performance of the font rests upon you. JSDC does not warrant that the functions contained in the webfont will meet your requirements or that the operation of the software will be uninterrupted or error free.\
6) Product Upgrades\uc0\u8232 JSDC may, from time to time, release updated versions of the webfont. You are entitled to download any upgraded versions at no additional cost by requesting a copy from jenna@jennasuedesign.com. The Agreement will remain the same on any subsequent versions of the font.
\f1 \
\
\
}